https://codepen.io/diddleslip/pen/NWPBbrp?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is used to mark up HTML with tags, and helps things such as AI's, robots, or even people with disabilities see the website much easier.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used for creating and structuring web sites
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    They're special words, and they go inside the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Headline and should be only used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Anchor tag, Font tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The headline or title
    7. What is an id? 
    a special id for an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Words with letters A-Z.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only once.
    10. What is a class? 
    Is used to categorize elements with the same style or relation 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Anything
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Once
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links in the anchor tag
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    Slow connections, or if the image cannot be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    id="idName" 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    Section is for things such as chapters, footers, headers. Div is used to group block elements to format them with CSS.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    To style and Picture your HTML code.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class is to select multiple elements inside the class, and an ID is unique to that one specific item.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It's useful for when you're already using the parent selector, so you have to include the child to specify what you want to code.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div, .sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height: 2px;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: 2px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: capitalize, lowercase, capitals;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px solid black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* Comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm <file> , it won't give you a warning saying if you want to delete it.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It's important for files that go through a lot of revision.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 mins
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 